Once upon a time ...
Irving thought that he liked Joe.
Irving thought that Joe liked him.
Irving thought that Joe did not deceive him.
Irving thought that Joe dominated him.
Joe was hungry.
Joe thought that he did not like Irving.
Joe thought that he deceived Irving.
Joe was near the cave.
Joe knew that he was near the cave.
Irving was near the oak-tree.
Irving knew that he was near the oak-tree.
Joe knew that Irving was near the oak-tree.
The water was near the river.
Joe knew that the water was near the river.
The honey was near the elm-tree.
Irving knew that the honey was near the elm-tree.
The worm was near the ground.
Joe knew that the worm was near the ground.
Irving knew that Joe was near the cave.
The fish was near the river.
Irving knew that the fish was near the river.
Louise was near the valley.
Louise knew that she was near the valley.
Louise knew that the water was near the river.
Louise knew that Irving was near the oak-tree.
Louise knew that Joe was near the cave.
Louise knew that the worm was near the ground.
The berries were near the pine-tree.
Irving knew that the berries were near the pine-tree.
One day, 
Irving was thirsty.
Irving wanted not to be thirsty.
Irving wanted to be near the water.
Irving wanted to know where the water was .
Irving wanted Joe to tell him where the water was .
Irving decided that if he would give Joe the honey then Joe might tell him where the water was .
Irving wanted Joe to think that he would tell him where the water was if he gave him the honey .
Irving wanted to be near Joe.
Irving went to the cave.
Irving was near the cave.
Irving asked Joe whether Joe would tell him where the water was if he gave him the honey .
Joe told Irving that if Irving would give him the honey then Joe would tell him where the water was .
Joe decided that if Irving would give him the honey then Joe would tell him that he was not bright.
Irving wanted to have the honey.
Irving wanted to be near the honey.
Irving went to the elm-tree.
Irving was near the elm-tree.
Irving took the honey.
The honey was near Irving.
Irving had the honey.
Irving wanted to be near Joe.
Irving went to the cave.
Irving was near the cave.
Irving gave Joe the honey .
Irving did not have the honey.
The honey was near Joe.
Joe had the honey.
Joe told Irving that Irving was not bright.
.
Irving thought that he was not near the water.
Irving knew that he was thirsty.
The end.
